Add hint about jackrabbit (#7892)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

Configure the SuluPhpcrMigrationBundle in `config/packages/sulu_phpcr_migration.yaml`:

> > If you are currently using jackrabbit use the "jackrabbit://" based DSN string.
> > After the upgrade Apache Jackrabbit is not longer used by Sulu new content storage and can be
> > removed from your projects in most situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are currently using Jackrabbit, use the "jackrabbit://" based DSN string.
> After the upgrade, Apache Jackrabbit is no longer used by Sulu’s new content storage and can be removed from
> your projects in most situations.
```

> > Apache Jackrabbit is after the upgrade not longer used by Sulu new content storage and can in
> > most situation uninstalled from your projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> After the upgrade Apache Jackrabbit is not longer used by Sulu new content storage and can be
> removed from your projects in most situation.
```
